# 1,000회 이상 인용된 추천시스템 논문

2015년 이후 500회 이상



Shani, G., & Gunawardana, A. (2011). Evaluating recommendation systems. _Recommender systems handbook_, 257-297.

1780



Isinkaye, F. O., Folajimi, Y. O., & Ojokoh, B. A. (2015). Recommendation systems: Principles, methods and evaluation. _Egyptian informatics journal_, _16_(3), 261-273.

1209



Schafer, J. B., Konstan, J. A., & Riedl, J. (2001). E-commerce recommendation applications. _Data mining and knowledge discovery_, _5_, 115-153.

2661



Pazzani, M. J., & Billsus, D. (2007). Content-based recommendation systems. _The adaptive web: methods and strategies of web personalization_, 325-341.

3536



Sarwar, B., Karypis, G., Konstan, J., & Riedl, J. (2000, October). Analysis of recommendation algorithms for e-commerce. In _Proceedings of the 2nd ACM Conference on Electronic Commerce_ (pp. 158-167).

2896



Ansari, A., Essegaier, S., & Kohli, R. (2000). Internet recommendation systems.

1194



Karypis, G. (2001, October). Evaluation of item-based top-n recommendation algorithms. In _Proceedings of the tenth international conference on Information and knowledge management_ (pp. 247-254).

1021



Balabanović, M., & Shoham, Y. (1997). Fab: content-based, collaborative recommendation. _Communications of the ACM_, _40_(3), 66-72.

5135



Ziegler, C. N., McNee, S. M., Konstan, J. A., & Lausen, G. (2005, May). Improving recommendation lists through topic diversification. In _Proceedings of the 14th international conference on World Wide Web_ (pp. 22-32).

2212



Sarwar, B., Karypis, G., Konstan, J., & Riedl, J. (2001, April). Item-based collaborative filtering recommendation algorithms. In _Proceedings of the 10th international conference on World Wide Web_ (pp. 285-295).

11544

\
Fan, W., Ma, Y., Li, Q., He, Y., Zhao, E., Tang, J., & Yin, D. (2019, May). Graph neural networks for social recommendation. In _The world wide web conference_ (pp. 417-426).

968



Desrosiers, C., & Karypis, G. (2010). A comprehensive survey of neighborhood-based recommendation methods. _Recommender systems handbook_, 107-144.

925



Duhan, D. F., Johnson, S. D., Wilcox, J. B., & Harrell, G. D. (1997). Influences on consumer use of word-of-mouth recommendation sources. _Journal of the academy of marketing science_, _25_(4), 283-295.

926



Davidson, J., Liebald, B., Liu, J., Nandy, P., Van Vleet, T., Gargi, U., ... & Sampath, D. (2010, September). The YouTube video recommendation system. In _Proceedings of the fourth ACM conference on Recommender systems_ (pp. 293-296).

1339



Hui, T. K., Wan, D., & Ho, A. (2007). Tourists’ satisfaction, recommendation and revisiting Singapore. _Tourism management_, _28_(4), 965-975.

1108



Ma, H., Yang, H., Lyu, M. R., & King, I. (2008, October). Sorec: social recommendation using probabilistic matrix factorization. In _Proceedings of the 17th ACM conference on Information and knowledge management_ (pp. 931-940).

1673



He, X., Deng, K., Wang, X., Li, Y., Zhang, Y., & Wang, M. (2020, July). Lightgcn: Simplifying and powering graph convolution network for recommendation. In _Proceedings of the 43rd International ACM SIGIR conference on research and development in Information Retrieval_ (pp. 639-648).

1075







